docs: add sync sheet from VCS section (#711)
bytebase/bytebase.com: content/docs/sql-editor/manage-sql-scripts.md

- `Public` - Sheet OWNER can read/write, and all others can read

![Configure access](/static/docs/sql-editor/manage-sql-scripts/share-link-access.webp)

To share a sheet, click **Copy** button to copy the sharing link to the clipboard.

![Copy the share link](/static/docs/sql-editor/manage-sql-scripts/share-popover.webp)

## Manage sheet

You can manage sheets in the **Sheets** panel on the top left side of the page. You can find all
created sheets, sheets others shared with you and star sheets.

![Sheets](/static/docs/sql-editor/manage-sql-scripts/sheet-panel.webp)

## Sync sheet from VCS

For those projects configured with [GitOps workflow](https://www.bytebase.com/docs/vcs-integration/overview), you can set a sheet path template field. The matched files can be synchronized to sheet in SQL Editor with one click.

![Sheet path template field](/static/docs/sql-editor/manage-sql-scripts/sheet-path-template-field.webp)

In the **Sheets** panel of SQL Editor, there will be a **Sync Sheet from VCS** after selecting a project configured with VCS.

![Sync from VCS](/static/docs/sql-editor/manage-sql-scripts/sync-from-vcs-button.webp)

> When you click it, Bytebase will fetch files with pathnames matching the template pattern and save them to the sheet. If there is already a sheet with the same name, the content will be overwritten with the script content in the VCS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you click it, Bytebase will fetch files with path names matching the template pattern and save them to the sheet. If there is already a sheet with the same name, the content will be updated with the script content in the VCS.
```
